docs: add link to sprig website in the template docs site (#21184)
argoproj/argo-cd: docs/operator-manual/notifications/templates.md

## Functions

> Templates have access to the set of built-in functions, plus the functions of the [Spring](https://masterminds.github.io/sprig/) package

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Templates have access to the set of built-in functions such as the functions of the [Sprig](https://masterminds.github.io/sprig/) package
```
